magento/devdocs#: Store endpoint (#4066)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/store-config.md

The `Store` endpoint defines information about a store's configuration. You can query a non-default store by [changing the header]({{ page.baseurl }}/graphql/send-request.html) in your GraphQL request.

## Syntax

`storeConfig: StoreConfig`

### Store config attributes

Use the `storeConfig` attributes to retrieve information about the store's configuration; such as, locale, currency codes, and secure and unsecure URLs.

> 

Reviewer: I want to keep the general layout of the topic the same for now.  I want to keep all the reference info in one section and examples in another. We might change the layout to agree with what you've done here, but it would be best to change all the documentation at the same time.

Author: **fixed**

Could you please review?

Thank you, @keharper !

`base_url` | String | Base URL for the store | `http://magentohost.example.com/`
`code` | String | A code assigned to the store to identify it | `default`
`default_display_currency_code` | String | Default display currency code | `USD`
`id` | Integer | The ID number assigned to the store | `1`
`locale` | String | Store locale | `en_US`
`secure_base_link_url` | String | Secure base link URL for the store | `https://magentohost.example.com/`
`secure_base_media_url` | String | Secure base media URL for the store | `https://magentohost.example.com/pub/media/`
`secure_base_static_url` | String | Secure base static URL for the store | `https://magentohost.example.com/pub/static/`
`secure_base_url` | String | Secure base URL for the store | `https://magentohost.example.com/`
`timezone` | String | Timezone of the store | `America/Chicago`
`website_id` | Integer | The ID number assigned to the website store belongs | `1` 
`weight_unit` | String | The unit of weight | `lbs`, `kgs`, etc
{:style="table-layout:auto;"}

## Example usage

The following query returns all details of a store's configuration.

**Request**

```text
{

>   storeConfig{

Reviewer: Make sure you keep this change.

Use the `storeConfig` attributes to retrieve information about the store's configuration; such as, locale, currency codes, and secure and unsecure URLs.

> Attribute |  Data Type | Description | Example

Reviewer: Revert the descriptions to be similar to the original text, but keep the examples in a separate column.  Someday, I hope to update the descriptions in the code.

Author: **done**

`no_route` | String | Contains the URL of the default page that you want to appear when if a 404 “Page not Found” error occurs
`show_cms_breadcrumbs` | Int | Determines if a breadcrumb trail appears on all CMS pages in the catalog. Options: `0` (No) or `1` (Yes)

> ### Supported website attributes

Reviewer: Delete this section. I recently merged a PR that added this info to the `master` branch.

Author: **done**

    }
  }
}
```

> ### Query of website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Include website information with `products` query results
```

Author: **changed**

> We can retrieve `Website` object from the [ProductInterface]({{ page.baseurl }}/graphql/reference/products.html#ProductInterface) only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ProductInterface]({{ page.baseurl }}/graphql/reference/products.html#ProductInterface) can include information about the `Website` object.
```

Author: **implemented**

**Request**

```text
{

>     products(filter: {sku: {eq: "simple"}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    products(filter: {sku: {eq: "24-WB04"}})
```

Reviewer: I prefer to use the sample data in the examples whenever possible.

Author: **fixed**
